# Vasily's Fantasy Adventure
Neurosoft Biofeedback Hackathon Entry - Rehabitation Game

This project is targeted on designing a 2D role playing game for rehabilitation patients. Biomedical sensors collect a patient’s data and transmit it to simple signal from 0 to 100, which is used to control a wizard to accumulate magic power and combat with enemies. 
This game describes a virtual world which player inputs signals from 0 to 100 to control the wizard Vasily to acquire magic power from the environment to fight monsters and enemies. In order to acquire sufficient magic power, player needs to keep the signal input as high as possible, if enough magic power is accumulated, Vasily could apply powerful magic to beat the enemy. However, if the player gives a low signal, Vasily could lose the combat and some HP points.

This game is targeted at rehabilitation patients in their daily training. One of the main aspects of this game is that the levels are split into modules, which are highly customisable. This allows physiotherapists to adjust the time and difficulty of the game according to the condition of patients. For example, a physiotherapist would like to give patient an arm exercise plan. The completion of each action could be analysed using biofeedback methods and generate signals that allow patients to play the game. In addition, the physiotherapist could split the exercise into 4 groups with 30 seconds each. This could be easily done by setting up a game with 4 levels by simply editing number and duration of levels.

In the initiation process of this game project, a variety of potential needs are considered. However, specific rehabilitation requirements may be different among patients. Therefore, a highly customisable and user-friendly game design was used. Besides, the type of rehabilitation exercise could affect the user input. For instance, a stamina exercise may require the biofeedback system to collect data and give feedbacks continuously. However, a strength exercise may require discrete inputs. In this project, the process of collection and analysis of biomedical data is abstracted. Instead, a simple signal input from 0 to 100 reflects the level of success gives more option to real world implementation of this game.

In the development process of this game, we chose Unity Engine and C# as the core utilities. Musics, sound effects and textures are from open sources. Background music is from bensound.com.

In the real-world implementation, this game focuses on providing an entertaining support for rehabilitation patients. Customisability and universal input support are considered as two major aspects. Complex biomedical data are converted into simple signals, which is well supported that player (rehabilitation patient) could play through multiple levels using this simple input. As for physiotherapists, setting a rehabilitation plan in the game is easy since the levels of the game are highly modularised. 

As for the future development of this game, stepping into professional training are considered as one of the most significant goals, since a large number of rehabilitation training could require unique inputs and feedbacks. Therefore, the future improvement of this game would be focusing on adding new types of inputs and outputs that are corresponding to the biofeedback methods used in a particular rehabilitation process. Furthermore, with the variety of inputs, the game could evolve with multiple modes and an improved attractiveness and bring more happiness and motivation to patients.
